
###  CSS::SAC 0.08 - a SAC parser for Perl


This module implements a SAC interface for Perl. It has a good deal
of documentation already, with more to come. Please start by looking
at the POD for CSS::SAC itself, you may also wish to have a look at
CSS::SAC::Writer's code which exposes the interface expected from
SAC handlers (which I will document in a spec'ish way soon). If you
have any questions don't hesitate to contact me.

While relatively stable, this module still has bugs and is currently
considered early beta quality. The interface is fairly stable, but it
may evolve. Should that happen, a deprecation cycle will happen over
several releases (with warnings on deprecated methods in between).

Currently it is rather slow. Performance is the things we'll start
working on once enough bugs have been ironed out.

Prerequisites
=============

Text::Balanced
Class::ArrayObjects

(both of which you can get from CPAN)


Installation
============

It can be installed in the usual ways:

 - from within the cpan shell (perl -MCPAN -e shell):

   install Class::ArrayObjects

 - after having downloaded it from CPAN, and extracted from its
 archive:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

Note to Win32 users: there is currently no PPM for this package as it
isn't necessary. Simply use one of the above methods, replacing make
with nmake or whatever other make facility you have available (a fair
number are available online for free).


Support
=======

Support for CSS::Parser more or less discontinued when I started to
work on this module, which unfortunately took its time in coming (not
that long to actually code, but two intercontinental moves and various
other things got in the way). This module is officially supported and
CSS::Parser is officially deprecated. Thanks to all the people that
provided patches, and sorry to all those that asked questions while I
was away. You may contact me if you need anything.

This module now has a mailing list part of the perl-css SourceForge
project. The latest CVS version is also always available on SourceForge.

  http://sourceforge.net/projects/perl-css/
  http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/perl-css-devel

This module is licensed under the same terms as Perl itself.

-- Robin Berjon <robin@knowscape.com>
Let us think the unthinkable, let us do the undoable. Let us prepare
to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it
after all. -- Dirk Gently (Douglas Adams)
